Platform Fusion docs overhaul (#173)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.1/compute-envs/azure-batch.mdx

    <details>
    <summary>Use Fusion v2</summary>

    :::note
    The compute recommendations below are based on internal benchmarking performed by Seqera. Benchmark runs of [nf-core/rnaseq](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq) used profile `test_full`, consisting of an input dataset with 16 FASTQ files and a total size of approximately 123.5 GB. 
    :::

    Azure virtual machines include fast SSDs and require no additional storage configuration for Fusion. For optimal performance, use VMs with sufficient local storage to support Fusion's streaming data throughput. 

    1. Use Seqera Platform version 23.1 or later.
    1. Use an Azure Blob storage container as the pipeline work directory.
    1. Enable **Wave containers** and **Fusion v2**.
    1. Select the **Batch Forge** config mode.
    1. Specify suitable VM sizes under **VMs type**. A `Standard_E16d_v5` VM or larger is recommended for production use. 

    :::tip

>     We recommend selecting machine types with a local temp storage disk of at least 200GB and random read speed of 1000 MBps or more for large and long-lived production pipelines. The suffix `d` after the core number (e.g. `Standard_E16*d*_v5`) denotes a VM with a local temp disk. Select instances with Standard SSDs — Fusion does not support Azure network-attached storage (Premium SSDv2, Ultra Disk, etc.). Larger local storage increases Fusion's throughput and reduces the chance of overloading the machine. See [Sizes for virtual machines in Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes/overview) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We recommend selecting machine types with a local temp storage disk of at least 200 GB and a random read speed of 1000 MBps or more for large and long-lived production pipelines. The suffix `d` after the core number (e.g., `Standard_E16*d*_v5`) denotes a VM with a local temp disk. Select instances with Standard SSDs — Fusion does not support Azure network-attached storage (Premium SSDv2, Ultra Disk, etc.). Larger local storage increases Fusion's throughput and reduces the chance of overloading the machine. See [Sizes for virtual machines in Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes/overview) for more information.
```

>     We recommend selecting machine types with a local temp storage disk of at least 200GB and random read speed of 1000 MBps or more for large and long-lived production pipelines. The suffix `d` after the core number (e.g. `Standard_E16*d*_v5`) denotes a VM with a local temp disk. Select instances with Standard SSDs — Fusion does not support Azure network-attached storage (Premium SSDv2, Ultra Disk, etc.). Larger local storage increases Fusion's throughput and reduces the chance of overloading the machine. See [Sizes for virtual machines in Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes/overview) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We recommend selecting machine types with a local temp storage disk of at least 200 GB and a random read speed of 1000 MBps or more for large and long-lived production pipelines. The suffix `d` after the core number (e.g., `Standard_E16*d*_v5`) denotes a VM with a local temp disk. Select instances with Standard SSDs — Fusion does not support Azure network-attached storage (Premium SSDv2, Ultra Disk, etc.). Larger local storage increases Fusion's throughput and reduces the chance of overloading the machine. See [Sizes for virtual machines in Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes/overview) for more information.
```

    <details>
    <summary>Use Fusion v2</summary>

    :::note
    The compute recommendations below are based on internal benchmarking performed by Seqera. Benchmark runs of [nf-core/rnaseq](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq) used profile `test_full`, consisting of an input dataset with 16 FASTQ files and a total size of approximately 123.5 GB. 
    :::

    Azure virtual machines include fast SSDs and require no additional storage configuration for Fusion. For optimal performance, use VMs with sufficient local storage to support Fusion's streaming data throughput. 

    1. Use Seqera Platform version 23.1 or later.
    1. Use an Azure Blob storage container as the pipeline work directory.
    1. Enable **Wave containers** and **Fusion v2**.
    1. Specify suitable VM sizes under **VMs type**. A `Standard_E16d_v5` VM or larger is recommended for production use.

    :::tip

>     We recommend selecting machine types with a local temp storage disk of at least 200 GB and random read speed of 1000 MBps or more for large and long-lived production pipelines. The suffix `d` after the core number (e.g. `Standard_E16*d*_v5`) denotes a VM with a local temp disk. Select instances with Standard SSDs — Fusion does not support Azure network-attached storage (Premium SSDv2, Ultra Disk, etc.). Larger local storage increases Fusion's throughput and reduces the chance of overloading the machine. See [Sizes for virtual machines in Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes/overview) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We recommend selecting machine types with a local temp storage disk of at least 200 GB and a random read speed of 1000 MBps or more for large and long-lived production pipelines. The suffix `d` after the core number (e.g., `Standard_E16*d*_v5`) denotes a VM with a local temp disk. Select instances with Standard SSDs — Fusion does not support Azure network-attached storage (Premium SSDv2, Ultra Disk, etc.). Larger local storage increases Fusion's throughput and reduces the chance of overloading the machine. See [Sizes for virtual machines in Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes/overview) for more information.
```
